Here [music]
[music]
it go.
It [music] go.
[music]
>> [music]
>> It go.
[music]
>> [music]
>> Let me know. Don't tell me. [music]
[music]
>> [music]
>> Let me know. [music] Let me know. Let me
know.
Let me know. [music and singing] Let me
know. Let me know. Let me know.
[music] Let me know. Let me know.
[music]
>> [music]
>> All right, y'all. We are live
on this beautiful
Wednesday. God bless everyone in the
name of Yeshua, Jesus, the Messiah. I
pray you and your families are super
blessed as the Bitcoin price is pumping.
And the question we got to ask, guys, is
the pump real?
Is the pump real?
You know, is this pump real right now,
guys? All right, I am in a some juicy
trades right now. I've got $500,000
long over here on Antarctic
Decentralized Exchange
and I've got $600,000
20 10 bitcoins. 10 bitcoins
on a trade over here on Bitbase. Bitbase
is a new exchange I'm trading on. By the
way, guys, Bitbase,
not only do they have low fees and all
these deposit bonuses, but Bitbase is
going to be giving away $500 a week.
$500 a week. We're going to be doing
giveaways every single week. Giving away
$500 right here during these live
streams.
All right, Bitbase Times Jason Casper
equals $500 a week giveaway.
All right, check it out.
And uh yeah, man. This is this is a the
question we're asking right now is this.
Is the pump real?
Is the pump real? Is the pump real or is
it fake? Let's check out to see what you
guys say in the poll.
Let's see what you guys say in the poll.
57% say the pump is real.
All right. 500 a week. I know. 500 a
week, baby.
$500 a week. That's pretty crazy,
man.
All right, so let's see what happens
here, guys. We are coming up to the
local value area high of the range.
Like, the reason why we're finding some
resistance here is because we are coming
to the local value area high of this
range. Pretty much hit to the dang
dollar and we're getting a bit of a
rejection here. I'm going to see if we
can't hold the support resistance flip
at 599. If we can't, I'm going to be
taking some profits. I'm going to be
shaving some profits off of here, guys.
Shaving some profits off if we can't
hold the back test of 599. All right, so
I'm going to actually set an alert here
to shave out some profits if we can't
hold. But here's the deal. I want to
start on the monthly time frame because
there's good news and there's bad news.
There's bad news and there's good news.
But before we get into it, I got to give
a big shout out to everybody in the
chat. How could I forget to shout out
everybody in the chat?
Big shout out to my man
Yama Kanimoff who says Pump is gay. All
right.
Uh, Bitbase. This is why I needed
another exchange. I know, right? What
are the fees? Here's the thing. It's a
nonkyc nonVPN exchange. Fees are low.
Fees are
0.005% 005% market 0 I'm sorry 0.005%
limit 0.02% 02% market. So, they're very
low.
I'm I'm I'm I'm feeling Bitbase. Feeling
it. All right. I'm trading on it. Big
shout out to Alex O Crypto. Big shout
out to TubeBub who says, "Your big shout
out to Crypto Coons in the house." Shout
out to Count Townsy. I never heard of
this big babes you're talking about. We
got some big babes in the house. All
right. Shout out to
this guy. I don't know how to say your
name. 500 a week. Oh my. Oh my.
Yes. Till 63k. The pump is real. All
right. Caraculture Cypress says, "Fake
pump." Shout out to Zack 61ita in the
house. Shout out to my passive freedom.
Can we reclaim 61? That is the big
question right now. Honestly, the big
question right now is can we reclaim 61?
Why is why is this all messed up here?
Why are we only looking at a little
piece of the screen? It's a little bit
strange there. Why are we looking at
only a little piece of the screen there?
No. Okay, we're good. We're good. We're
good. We're good. We're good, baby.
We're good.
Um, shout out to Ox Dow Jones who says,
"Peace. Shout out to Dbrit 9. Can I
donate you $5?" Well, this isn't the
best place to ask, bro. Like, what if I
said yes? Everyone else in the chat
would be asking for money. You know how
many people ask me for money every
single day? Hundreds of people ask me
for money every day. You know, it's not
a good place to ask, man. It's not a
good place to ask if you're trying to
ask me for money. YouTube chats and
comments and Twitter is not a good place
to ask. All right.
Sheesh, man.
So, let's see.
Uh, shout out to Sam Bagfer
Jay. My stop loss was taken on market
open, missed the move. Dang, Felix H.
I'm so sorry. All right. Trembler says,
"I'm poor, too."
Well, again, if you're trying to ask me
for this, this ain't the place to ask,
man. This ain't the place to ask. All
right. This ain't the place to ask.
All right, so let's start on the monthly
time frame, guys. So monthly time frame,
what's the deal? We have just closed the
candle
in my opinion, which is a pretty dang
bearish candle. All right, the reason
why it's bearish candle is because what
did we not want to happen? We did not
want the candle to close below 59815.
We did not want the candle to close
below 59815
because that was the February low.
And now we've made a lower low. Not a
good look on the monthly chart. All
right. Not only that, but look at this
monthly candle here. We have come and we
have literally taken everything
that we had formed in this whole area,
right? This entire range taken out in
one single monthly candle. Uno single
monthly candle. Then we get down to the
weekly time frame.
Now the weekly time frame. This is where
things are interesting because there is
the potential right now for
a bullish divergence to confirm within
the next few weeks. You can see as the
price is getting lower, momentum waves
are getting higher, potentially giving
us the juicy uneven butt cheek pattern.
Oh my goodness. Whoa.
All right. Now, as we get to the daily
time frame, this is where things get
even more interesting. We are
potentially forming multiple drive of
uneven butt cheek pattern here, right?
And when we get to the 4hour time frame,
even more bullish looking. My goodness,
look at the money flow getting higher.
Look at the momentum getting higher
here. Not only that, but if we do take a
look at the weekly, where are we getting
a bounce from right now, guys? We are
getting a bounce from none other than
the dang,
let's pull it here. Low to high
618 Fibonacci. That's right, the 618.
Our high school crush, the 61anita.
We are bouncing pretty much from the
dang dollar. Actually, we are for real.
I know it doesn't look like it on this
chart, but that's because I didn't pull
it right. Let's pull it correctly here.
There we go.
There we go. Yeah. Now, let's zoom back
in.
Wait a second. Are we bouncing from it?
Wait a [laughter] sec. Wait. Did we
front run the 618? What is Guys, I am
honestly losing my brain right now. What
the heck is going on? Am I Am I
dare I say the word [__]
Am I actually [__] right now? Hang
on. Yes. Yes, I am [__] Okay, we
didn't pull it right. Let's pull it
right. Bam. There we go.
Now, we're getting the bounce right from
the 618 Fibonacci. Look at this. A quick
slick wick right through the flick and
we get a [__] to the upside. [__] Isn't
that a racial slur? Anyway, whatever the
heck it is, we are getting a bounce from
this area. And of course, we are long
and we've been long since Thursday.
Casper Crew VIP Discord on June 25th
taking a long from here. We haven't hit
the 618, but we'll look for another long
at the 618. And I'll be honest with you,
you know, the 618 bounce happened when I
was asleep, but when we were back down
to my entry, I added a few extra dollars
to the trade cuz I figured, look, it's
now or never. It's now or never. You
know, let me let me pop another couple
hundred,000 onto the dank position here
to get a nice half millie, a fatty half
millie. All right. So, we are up right
now all in all, you know, 15. We're up
30 grand right now. Unrealized.
Unrealized. You know what that means?
Easy come, easy go. I haven't taken the
money yet. 30 grand unrealized. I could
I could walk away today $30,000 richer.
Or I could just take a screenshot like
this and then post it on Twitter like
this
and talk about how much money I didn't
make on Twitter. But it's okay. It's
okay cuz people still think I'm cool.
And really, when it comes to trading,
it's not about making money. It's about
making people think that you're cool.
Right?
It's about making people think that
you're cool.
Jason Casper is a pretty cool guy. You
know what I'm saying? Bartzette says,
"No, we didn't touch it, brother." No,
we did touch it, brother. We did touch
it, brother.
We touched it, brother.
Yeah,
happy Cancun
day to all my fellow canucks. Yeah, it
is Canada Day. Happy Canada Day. I
celebrated myself by driving all the way
to Buffalo, New York to go to Tim
Hortons in the United States. That's how
I celebrated Canada Day. I drove to
upstate New York in order to go to Tim
Hortons in the United States. That's the
way I celebrate Canada Day. Also, I wear
these really cool Canadian sunglasses,
these bull glasses that make me feel
bullish all the time. Now, we got a
bounce from the 618. Why is this so
important? Well, this could be a bottom.
I mean, this could be a bottom. I'm not
saying it's the bottom of the bare
market, but it could give us a little
bit of July fun, right? little Fourth of
July funshine because first of all, I
say our actual target here, our first
real target is going to be around 61K.
All right, 61K. Take these this
liquidities that we've got here to 61K.
Once we get to 61K, that's where the fun
begins because if we take a look at the
volume profile of all of this juicy
goodness here, wow, my goodness.
back inside value area low.
Once we hold above 61K, I don't see why
we can't get a move back to $65,000.
We take the fib from the high to the
low, right? Pull it from the high to the
low and you can see that we've got the
Fibonacci golden pocket, the value area
high, and the 786 all in this zone of
juicy goodness right around $65,000. I
don't see why if we do something like
this and hold flip this into support why
we can't come up here. This really is
something I'm looking for. Hopefully we
can hold some of these trades here.
Currently up 15. We're we're up almost
$30,000. Like I said, guys, we got
500,000 on the trade here. We got
600,000 on the trade here. And just a
quick reminder, guys, Bitbase link in
the pin chat and description. We're
doing weekly $500 giveaways. All right,
this is going on forever. All right, so
if you're signed up under me every week,
you have a chance to win $500. Actually,
we're doing two $500 giveaways. We're
giving away $500 in the VIP Discord
every single week and $500 live on
YouTube every single week. Plus, they
have the low fees,
no VPN, no KYC. Claim up to 33,500 USDT
now.
Hey, sign up bonus. 20% deposit cash
back up to $2,000
plus volume bonus and all that good
stuff. All right,
so here we are. Uh-oh. Bitcoin taking a
little bit of a tumble here. Getting a
rejection from value area high. But I do
have to say this. As I look at the 4hour
time frame market cipher B, I like what
I see. I like what I see. As the price
dips into the 618, we are seeing
multiple drive of bullish divergence. We
look at the 6 hour. As the price dip
into the 618, we are seeing purple money
flow coming higher. We are seeing
momentum waves getting higher. We go to
the 12-h hour time frame. Look at this
juicy uneven butt cheek pattern. on the
12-h hour time frame right here. We have
a nice first of all, we have the combo.
All right, see these things? These are
called big Ben Armstrong green dots down
here. We these are called bit boy butt
cheeks. Bit boy butt cheeks is where as
the price is getting lower like this.
All right. And the momentum waves are
getting higher like this and the money
flow getting higher like this and you
got two Ben Armstrong bit boy green dots
down here. Those are called Bit Boy butt
cheeks. So, we have the Bit Boy butt
cheek pattern confluence with the
regular classic, the classic uneven butt
cheek pattern right here. All right.
Price dipped to the 618 and we've got
ourselves a beautiful looking not that
this uneven butt cheek pattern. Dolores
at the diner. Price is coming down to
key support. Uneven butt cheeks. All
right. And we're starting to get a
bounce. In fact, if we even take this
and paste it onto the chart, you can see
that the the resemblance is quite
striking. I'm not going to lie to you.
I'm not going to lie. The resemblance is
so striking.
When I first looked at the chart, I
almost thought it was a picture of
Dolores. I'm like, Dolores, is that you?
Of course, it wasn't Dolores. It was
just Market Cipher B dressed up like
Dolores on Canada Day. Happy Canada Day.
How does Market Cipher B celebrate
Canada Day? Market Cipher B dresses up
like Dolores.
Hang on. What? What? Oh, I I I I deleted
my picture of Dolores by accident.
Oh.
Oh,
dang. Oh,
let's see if I can't find another. Get
in, loser. We're going to $150,000.
Get in, losers. 150K imminent. Imminent.
All right, let's see if I can't find my
picture of Dolores once again here.
Where's my picture of Dolores? Oh,
Dolores,
where are you? Where's Dolores?
Dolores at the diner. Her butt cheeks
looking finer every single day.
Yeah, here we go.
How does Market Cipher B celebrate
Canada Day? By dressing up like Dolores
at the diner.
Yeah. So, honestly, let's see. Let's see
what's going to happen here. Again, I
have an alert set cuz we want to hold
$60,000 right now cuz potentially, like
I said, the resistance we're currently
at is this. We have the local sideways
range and we're rejecting from the value
area high. So, we really want to hold,
you know, the PC of that range right
there. Now, let's check out the VWOP.
Where are the VWOP today?
Where's the VWOP? Yeah, we're we're
pretty much above daily and and weekly
VWOP. You know what the responsible
thing to do right now, guys, honestly,
is to take some profit. All right.
[music]
I've got my stop loss literally at a
break even right now. That's the cool
thing about Bitbase is it tells you
where your break even price is. So you
can put your stop loss at break even. It
includes fees.
So that's a cool little feature. All
right,
that's a nifty little feature.
Oh man, we're losing money like crazy.
Oh my goodness, we're losing money like
crazy. We don't want to lose this level
here.
All right, this is our this our big make
it or break it zone right here. You
know, we start losing this. I'm going to
have to shave off some profits.
Can you even spot it? We've got a
hornets nest in the sophet. We got a
hornets nest in the sophet. Can you even
spot it? We'll have to shave some
profit.
Cuz we got a hornets nest in the sophet.
Happy Canada day. Hey. Hey.
Hey.
Yeah. It's getting juicier by the day.
Honestly, I was ice cold back in the
Discord days. Really? That was you? You
were ice cold? Ice cold, man? I remember
you.
What happened to Ice Cold? I forget. Did
you get banned or did you just like
disappear?
I forget. Ice cold, man.
I remember you, but I don't remember
what happened to you. All right.
All right. Oh. Oh my goodness.
Let's see. Now, there's two levels that
we need to be aware of. Level number one
is obviously this back test right here.
Right here. This zone. If we start
losing this zone, I'm going to be
shaving. I'm going to take out the
razor, guys, and I'm going to start
shaving. You're going to see Jason
Casper's face is going to turn bald. Do
you see this thick beard I have?
That's going to get shaven, guys. It's
going to get shaven. All right. Axel
says, "It's coming down." Haha. You got
kicked out. Ice cold. Yeah, I forget.
Why'd you get kicked out? Why'd you get
kicked out? I forget what happened, man.
I forget what happened. You know, it's
so long ago. Ice cold. It's been years.
It's been years.
Big shout out to Ice Cold.
Were you shilling something? I I forget
what happened, man. You know, it's been
so long.
Do I take take D lo weeks? I hope not.
If my volume and and programming is
correct, I don't need delo weeks, guys.
If it but but the thing is, yeah,
sometimes you need to take a few days
off the gym cuz you're just going too
hard. All right, here we go. Now, here's
the deal. Back to the daily. All right,
so again, the context, guys. We are
bouncing from the macro golden pocket
618. And here's the thing. This zone,
the 618 is indeed a zone. Let's not
forget that within this golden pocket.
All right, let's put on our 065
Fibonacci as well. Let's not forget that
within this golden pocket, we have
ourselves this. We take all the price
action from January 2021. The high
volume note is coming in right here as
well. You see that? This is key support
key
support.
Right.
So, I'd say this zone coming all the way
down to around $57,000. Super important.
If we can hold this level, guys,
um, and especially flip $61,000 into
support, I don't see why we can't get a
move back up to the value area high.
We're talking 64 $65,000.
All right. Now, if we can reclaim 64
$65,000, this is where things get even
more juicy. Okay. The reason why things
get even more juicy is because once
we're start flipping that, then we are
back inside the macro
value area low of this range.
All right, which means the the chances
become quite high that we could see a
move back up to the mid70s.
All right, we pull the Fibonacci from
the high to the low and you can see,
wow, the confluence is striking. Again,
if we start changing market structure
here, once we're above $66,000, I mean,
there's really no resistance. We could
simply stay in this range, right?
Everyone's super bearish right now. We
actually might just stay in the range.
Okay, this might actually just be a fake
out of the range.
And once we start to come back inside
the range and back test 62 as support,
there's no reason why we can't stay in
the range for quite some more time.
There's no reason why we can't even have
our October bottom.
That's a crazy looking bottom. But
there's honestly there's no reason why
we can't have a bullish July
uh just to come back down and make
another low, right? And dip back into
the 50s. There's no reason why that
can't happen, especially when you have
things super bottomed out like this.
Now, again, please don't misunderstand
me, guys. These are if then scenarios.
Right now, we need to reclaim 61K. We
haven't done that. So, the bull scenario
I'm talking about, the first if hasn't
even happened yet. All right. If we
reclaim 61k and flip that as support,
then we could look for a move back up
towards 64 to $65,000.
Once we're back here, then we can look
for the back test. And if we get that
back test, then we can look for the move
up here. It it has to happen in stages.
Right now, none of the stages have
happened. Right now, Jason Casper is an
idiot. He has a million dollars long. We
haven't had any real sign of strength.
All right, I'm literally leaking money.
All right, I've literally lost $2,000
since the stream began.
Okay, it's looking hairy. It's looking
scary. I'm in my underwear
on the treadmill. Airy.
All right, trading in your undies.
Trading in the undies. That's the way
you got to do it, man.
Okay,
home. Home on the range.
Please pull the fib on the monthly 618
front run. I refuse to believe it,
Bartzette. I refuse to believe your FUD.
Let me guess, China bans Bitcoin again
during the bare market. I refuse to
believe your Bitcoin FUD. Your Michael
Sailor Fibonacci FUD FTX Mount Gaus
nonsense.
We have not front run my beloved 61ita.
We have tapped the Six Wanita to the
dollar. All right, let's let's go ahead
and take a look. Look at this. All
right, we have hit the 618, guys.
There's no mistaken. I see the wick with
my own two eyes.
I see it with my own two eyes.
You know, we haven't front run the 618,
man. Come on.
How's the hair looking today? We have
not front ran that 618, guys. Come on.
All right. Ice cold had too much ice
cold drinks one night and went on a
server. Triad triade. Oh, okay. Custom
custom made tea knows. All right. All
right. Yeah, Ice Cold. Shout out to Ice
Cold.
Everyone searching in the Discord.
Should you hold Bitcoin position on
Bitcoin long you entered at 85200?
Oh my goodness. Here's the answer to
that question.
Let me answer your question for you. All
right. Let me answer your question.
Here's what you got to do.
Here's what you got to do. Go to the
Jason Casper YouTube channel. All right.
Go to J Go to playlist.
All right. Go to the free course.
>> All right. Go to the free course. Watch
the section number two on how to use
risk management to become profitable.
This video 22 minutes long will give you
the answer to your question and more.
All right. This video will cause you to
never chat somebody on the YouTube again
and ask them that question cuz you will
know the answer after you watch this
video. And the answer is probably not
what you want to hear. All right, I'll
tell you what the answer is. The answer
is
the answer is
you should. I mean, look, there's two
ways to answer the question. There's the
gambling answer and there's the
responsible answer. The responsible
answer is you took a trade
that uh you had no plan for. You had no
plan for it. You didn't plan for what to
do if it went against you. So now you're
on YouTube asking somebody else what to
do. All right. So the responsible thing
is close the trade, go back to the
drawing board, take your loss, and look
for a new entry. the gambly thing which
may or may not work out good for you
depending on where your liquidation is
is uh well actually I didn't it does you
don't tell me MP trading if it's
leverage what's the leverage where's
your liquidation I mean if it's 1x
leverage then you know I think you're
probably all right um
but you know it really a lot of this
does depend on where your liquidation is
all right so The thing is, man,
if you've taken a trade without a plan
and you're risking liquidation, the
gambly answer is, well, hold it cuz, you
know, we're probably not going to go too
much lower than 40k
at the least, you know.
But the responsible answer is close it,
go back to the drawing board, and and
watch the free course. All right, watch
the free course, guys. This is 18
sessions on how to trade. It's free. I'm
not even kidding. People literally
charge like $3,000 for half this
information. All right, I' I've paid it
myself. People charge you three grand
for half this information, right? This
is free. Go check it out cuz you won't
ever end up in a position again if you
apply that information.
All right.
Bitcoin monthly hike in a she printed
red bearish. Bitcoin will be going lower
in July. Looks like it will eventually
be going lower.
you know,
looks like it will eventually be going
lower.
Um, and the reason why I say it looks
like it eventually will be going lower
is because the monthly candle. All
right? Monthly downtrend is intact.
Okay?
Um, monthly downtrend is intact, but
doesn't mean we can't get some relief.
All right? And it also doesn't mean we
can't trade the sideways range a little
bit more and make another lower high,
right? Doesn't mean that. So, you know,
remember high time frame signals have
room for lots of volatility, right? High
time frame signals have room for lots of
volatility. So, essentially, guys, we
are bouncing from support region number
one.
If we're not going to hold support
region number one, we look for a bounce
from support region number two. That's
going to be around $54,000.
If we can't get a bounce from $54,000,
then in my humble opinion, we're
probably going to get a drop down to the
next high volume node, which is going to
be around 47,600ish,
47.8,
let's call it 48, let's call it 48K
around this high volume node. And that's
going to be just underneath the
liquidity that we have right over here.
Right? So really, we're looking at 57K
major support, 54.5K
major support, and if we lose it, we dip
below $48,000 to the high volume node.
Those are the targets. If this bounce
doesn't give us some relief, and by
relief, I mean, I'm not looking for much
here. We're talking first target would
be the back test of 65K.
Second target, we're talking the mid70s.
The mid70s. All right, we got to replay
this this boom bap the mid70s.
Should I close it?
Should I close it or should I keep it
open? Should I close it?
Should I close it? What do you guys
think? Should I close it? We got a super
chat. Big shout out to Aridis. Take a
look at the fib from 49K.
It hit the dollar 886. Interesting.
Interesting.
Thank you for the super chat. So,
from 49K to all-time high, we hit the
886. Let's check it out. I'm not big
into pulling fibs like that.
>> But let's do it.
>> Yeah. Look at that.
Look at that. 886 hit. Yeah, it's pretty
nuts.
That is pretty nice,
>> man. Should I close this trade or should
I keep it open? What do you guys think?
Should I close it or keep it open?
Wonder what you guys Let me know in the
chat. Should I close it or should I keep
it open? Keep it open. Keep it open. Go
big or go home. Whoever doesn't risk it
doesn't drink the champagney,
you know. doesn't drink the champagne.
All these beats kind of sound the same.
You know what I mean?
sermon at the cipher.
You know, they all kind of sound the
same. Like literally, they're all kind
of the same. I feel like they just used
AI to kind of make like slightly
different beats.
I need something that hypes me up. You
know what I'm saying?
Uh,
I need something to hype me up, you
know.
Uh,
uh,
uh, h.
Uh uh.
Okay. Okay.
Okay. Uh yeah, I'm kind of feeling this.
Should I close the trade or should I
keep it open?
Uh yeah. Uh
yeah. Hey yo. Uh uh. Yo, J Cash. Should
I [music] close it or should I keep it
open? We're coming to the BH wicked
poking. J Cash, [music] you know he's
choking on the price, but your boy ain't
joking. We're up 30K [music] today
making profit cuz we came down to the
macro rolling pocket. Can you spot it?
Then we rock it. Just like Sonic verse
Robotnik. The market makers want to
burst it, but we rock it. [music] Tippy
top about to hit the spot. The next
thing I know, the price coming down the
rock. The way we do it when we're
looking like rock. The first gym owner
[music] from Pokemon knock on the door.
Hello, it's your boy J Casper. We're
coming back for some more below below
the price action. [music] You know we
have to shave some profits off. If we
see some fractions, we lose the [music]
level. The Bitcoin to dump like the
treble up the base. No disgrace. [music]
J C with the beast all over my face. We
run the race. I ain't no [music]
disgrace on the treadmill. Better put
you in your place. back down and then we
go back up. [music] So much caffeine
from the coffee in the cup. Had enough.
Your boy acting so tough. J Castro
things about to [music] get rough and
then we scruff. We got the scruffle.
We're eating the chocolate and truffles.
[music] You open the box. You got the
coconut, the lemon, the Bitcoin price
looking like she's screaming. She's
screaming. She's screaming. You know
[music] she want to screech. Oh baby,
it's so hot. Let's eat a juicy piece.
Here we go. We got the green candle
coming up. J Cash where the price is
about to pump. And don't [music] you
know if we get through the resistance,
the Bitcoin will break out and then we
go the distance. We get in the car, turn
the [music] key on our pistons, Jasper,
you know you can't miss this. Girl, you
looking so [music] fly you want to kiss
this. What are you going to get me for
Christmas? Uh [music]
yeah. [music]
My goodness.
Big [music] shout out to Divine Hood.
Big shout out to Divine Hood in the
chat.
Keep the longs open. All right. People
say long it long it. Let's see. Can we
actually get a a hold of this box and
change market structure here, you know?
Yeah,
man. This is like a slow this this I
like this music here. I like this music
here.
Oh yeah, baby. I think we need to you
you I know. You know what? You know
what? Let's see here. Let's go to
playlists.
Let's see here. Playlists. Uh
let's go ahead and put on the uh I think
we need a pump song. I'm kind of feeling
a pump song right now. I'm feeling a
pump song.
Let's see if we can't get a little
green.
All right. Let's see if we can't get a
little green.
Yo yo yo. Check check check check.
All right,
let's get a mic check. Check one. Check
two.
Check. Check. Check.
[music]
Here we go, baby.
Come on. Can we break the resistance?
[music]
Let's go. Here we go, [music] baby.
Let's pump it.
Come on. We just need one green candle.
[music]
[music] Here we go.
We going to dump.
No, we're going to bump. Come on, baby.
[music]
We're going to jump. We're going to pop.
We're going to jump. We're [music] going
to pop. We're going to jump.
Let's go. [music]
[music]
I know we get in a red candle,
but it's not over.
Come on, baby.
Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. [music]
Let's go. Come on.
Here we go, baby. A Come on, Bitcoin.
You know, if we flip the glasses upside
down, it might make the price go upside
down to the upside. Come on, baby.
[music]
Ready
to go.
Crap.
It's not working.
If we lose the box, we're taking
profits. That's what it is. I I'm I was
hoping for a breakout. I was hoping for
a back test of the box.
Should I close it or keep it open?
[music]
Everything looks bullish through these
[music] glasses. Where's the stop loss?
There is no stop loss. [laughter]
[music]
We're going to jump.
Here we go.
>> [music]
>> Bitcoin, baby.
Bitcoin, baby.
Bitcoin.
[music]
All right. Sometimes it has a delayed
effect.
All right.
Let's see here,
man. I'll tell you guys, it's like 95
degrees outside. The pump song hits a
little bit different in this kind of
heat. You know,
why not close half? We will if we start
to lose this level. We start to lose
this level. Bitcoin all base and no
treble. Let's take a look at the order
flow. All right, we're up right now 14.
We're up $28,000, guys. 28K. I could
just take 28K right now. That's That's
half a year salary for your average
American,
you know? I could take it now, but
here's the thing. I'm not your average
American.
All right,
so we're going to go go for it. All
right, we're going to ride or die. We're
going to ride or die, baby.
We're going to ride or die.
We're going to ride or die, baby. We're
risking it all. The family and
everything. We're risking it all.
>> Ride or die. Aiming for the sky. [music]
House for my family. Lose it all.
Goodbye. R gets no [singing] glory. This
is my life. This is my story. [music]
I'll climb to laugh.
We need all our
but I'll never Fibonacci chasing 618
[music]
momentum wave rising. I can't hesitate.
Green dot circle flashing. Money flowing
sight. Lever [music] set heavy. I'm
prepared for the fight. Trigger wave
forming. I can see the sign. Risking it
all on this chart. I line die. Trying
[music]
for fail but glory for win. No guts no
glory. Let the cycle begin.
>> Ride or die. Aiming [music] for the sky.
I was for lose it all. Goodbye. Ride or
die. [music] No guts no glory.
>> This is my life. This is my story.
>> [music]
>> I I'll climb till I fly
with it all. [music]
>> Stacking up positions, compounding every
phase. BTC to eat. Soul to brighter
days. Start on [music] the breakout
link. Taking flight. ARB and Pike.
Moving stars in the night. Here we go
baby. Charge like [music] a war. Zoom.
No weapons to trade. Eviction or
mansion. The choice I made. Jobless or
king. In the end, I'll decide. [music]
No middle ground. This my final ride.
>> Middle ground, baby.
>> Lose it all. Goodbye. Dlor. [music]
>> It's ride or die, baby.
[music]
>> Let's see if we lose that box or not.
All right. Let's see if we lose the box
or not. Let's see here. What do we got?
What do we got here? Samurai beats.
Uhoh. Uhoh.
Let's hold the box.
Here we go, baby.
Let's see if we can hold this box. All
right. Now, again, let's check out the
order flow. Let's go to the 15-minut
time frame here.
15-minut time frame. We Wow.
All right, let's check this out.
So
this is actually a pretty healthy move
to the upside in general. We we have
longs opening with an increase of open
interest. Um
you know
we have we have quite a few short I mean
look at all the shorts that actually
opened up in here guys.
A lot of people trying to short this.
[music] Yeah, we had hundreds of
millions of shorts open up here. And you
know what?
Yeah, most of them, they're all out of
the game. They've all [music] gotten
squeezed. We're at the valley area high.
This is a real key make it or break it
level.
Again, the resistance we're up against
right now, guys, is the
the value area high this local range
here. All right.
Yeah, Valary high this local range. Look
at that. Look at that.
Plant to short on the next high.
Maybe maybe we'll have to wait and see.
Um
I I'm hoping Oh, another dip into the
box. I'm actually really hoping, guys,
that we um
that we come up higher. I'm hoping that
we go to 65K. I'm hoping we go to 65K.
Come on, Bitty. Come on, itty bitty. We
need a pump. Jason Casper needs a pump.
All right,
50 minute just got a bullish moving
average cross. Another dip into the box.
Let's see. As long as we don't lose the
box, then we're good. It's all good.
All right, enough of this Japanese
samurai music.
Asian thug bonk.
Wow, that's that's a creepy creature
right there. What the What in the
Here we go. You guys see this? Look at
this.
Remember,
it is lunchtime. So, in about an hour,
we're going to be pumping.
This is some cool music, but
I think we're going to have to go back
to the nostalgic '9s beats just to keep
things a little bit more chill.
All right, just a quick reminder, guys.
I'm trading on Bit Base right now. And
Bit Base is giving away $500 a week
during these live streams. So, also, if
you're in the Casper Crew VIP Discord,
every week we're doing VIP $500
giveaway. So, we're giving away $1,000 a
week. Bitbase is giving away $1,000 a
week exclusive with Jason Casper.
All right. [music] And also, not only
that, but Bitbase is nonVPN, non KYC,
$33500
bonus to claim up to, including 20% cash
back up to $2,000. That's actually a
good deal. Plus up to a $1,500 signup
bonus. Plus, if you sign up under me,
you get VIP 7 fees. You immediately get
to the VIP 7, which is 0.005
limit order 0.0. 02 market order plus.
You can trade
Tradfy on here too. All right. You could
trade SpaceX, Gold, Silver, Amazon,
Coinbase, Micro Strategy, Google, all
these stocks on here as well. Tokenized
assets.
All right. So, [music]
and the fees are the same. All right.
Fees are the same. Also, I'm trading on
Antarctic Decentralized Exchange. Super
low fees if you sign up using my link.
All that good stuff, guys. [music] All
that good stuff. Also, I'm still on
KSEX. $21,000 deposit bonus. KSAX does
have the lowest fees period. If you want
to join the Casper crew where he gave
the long in the moment and in advance,
go to jasoncastertrading.com.
Today, guys, we had a stream this
morning where all four instructors gave
their TA live. All right, make sure to
check it out if you're interested.
Come on, Bitcoin. Can we hold the box?
Can we hold the box?
Yeah, Coinbase and Vbit had a child.
Exactly. Exactly. Because of the gay ma
rules. What are the gay mika rules? Gay
ma.
Um,
can you trade on bits from EU? Yeah,
it's no VPN, no KYC. How to participate
in the giveaways? It's simple. Just sign
up using the link in the pin chat in
description and you are eligible for the
giveaways. They will be happening during
these YouTube streams. All right. So,
every single week we're going to be
giving away on these YouTube streams.
All right.
Do I like the exchange better than Ksex?
Um,
here's the thing, Divine Hood. I love
KSEX because of the fee structure,
but um, this business model is more
[music] stable than the than the KSEX
business model. So, if anything ever
happens to KSEX, this is my backup right
here. basically.
All right, we're dipping into the box,
guys. I think I'm going to have to take
some some proites.
I think I'm going to have to take some
proes.
Let's take some proites.
I'm going to take some proofy days.
[music]
I'm going to try and take some profites.
Oh man.
>> Oh man. Oh.
Oh. A Oh. Let's see if we get a bounce
from here to hit our our our limit
order.
Come on, baby.
Let's take some profites.
Los profites.
One.
>> A
a
[singing]
Oh. Ooh. Ah.
Ooh.
Come on. Big little little green candle.
The little green candle. Who could?
Actually, this could be a bounce here.
Maybe I should close this limit order,
huh? Maybe I should close that limit
order. This could be the bounce. This
could be a fake out of the box. You
know, the back test of 599. That's what
we said. 599 needs to hold,
you know. Oh,
come on, Bitcoin. Come on. Oh.
Oh.
Oo. [laughter]
Come on, Bitcoin.
We got $613,000
on the trade. That's crazy.
A Oh.
Oh a ah.
Come on. All right, let's check it out
here. Let's go to the market cipher B
one minute to see what's really
happening.
Okay, green dot, baby. Come on. When the
one minute gives a green dot, it's ride
or die. I'm shooting for the sky. House
for my family or I'll lose it all.
Come on, green dot on the one minute.
We're counting on you, baby.
The 5second giving us a pump, baby. Come
on. Look at the 5-second right here.
Come on, Bitcoin. O, come on, baby.
Come on. Come on.
Ah crap. Oh man. Oh, it's looking good.
Here we go. Here we go. Here we go.
Let's take out.
All right, here we go. This could be a
nice back test of the box, but this is a
responsible thing to do. All right,
let's A.
There we go.
There we go, baby. That's what I'm
talking about. That's what I'm talking
about.
11K guaranteed. Let's see if my stop
loss gets hit now. We're guaranteed to
make 9K.
9K guaranteed, baby. Let's go. 9K
guaranteed. Let's see what else we got.
So, we have $300,000 open here. We have
$500,000 open here. We're still in
$800,000
long trades.
All right, let's see what we got, baby.
Let's see what we got
over here on Bitbase.
Okay, I only paid about $400 in fees
including the funding fee.
So, that's not so bad. Over a million
dollars in the position.
It's going to tell me how much money I
had in the position.
[music]
>> Yeah. So, I had a maximum I have 20 I
had 20 Bitcoin in the position.
So, I'm already three quarters out. Not
bad. Let's let the rest ride. All right.
Let's let the rest ride and see if we
can't turn this into a juicy swing. All
right.
What are the fees with my link? So,
here's the thing. If you sign up using
my link, it's going to take 24 hours
before your fees get switched. Uh, but
they will switch your fees over to 0.005
limit, 0.02% mark, but it's take 24 to
48 hours cuz they have to do it manually
right now. It will be automated next
week.
It'll be automated next week.
Wow, look at this. This could be the
back test of the of the box.
This could be the back test of the box.
Let's go, baby.
Let's go.
Look at that. Look at that. Look at
that.
[music]
>> Oh man, now we're pumping. I don't
regret taking profit at all. It was the
responsible thing to do. This This is
the responsible thing for me to do,
guys. All right. This really is
no reason to get greedy. No reason to
get greedy. I mean, seriously.
Five minutes ago I had 29K.
That's true. And now I have Well, if
we're talking about 5 minutes ago I had
zero
dollars realized. [music] So now I have
at least 9K no matter what. So slow and
steady wins the race, baby.
Slow and steady wins the race.
>> Yeah. 61K is going to be the next actual
target that we should shoot for.
to be honest with you.
All right, let's see what happens. Now,
guys, I'll be honest. I'm going to have
to take this stream into the basement
gym for a minute cuz it is like 98
degrees out here. So,
I'm pretty covered in sweat. [music]
So, we'll take it into the basement gym
and we'll continue in here. All right.
Nothing like trading in the squat rack.
All right. Some people Some people they
curl in the squat rack. your your boy
Jason Casper, he he he trades in the
squat rack. All right. He trades in the
squat rack.
All right.
Definitely don't squat in the squat
rack, guys. All right. Don't squat in
the squat rack.
All right. Shout out to everybody in the
chat right here. We just locked in.
We just locked in about
11 grand. All right, let's see what else
we can do. Let's see what else we can
do. All right, let's see what else we
can do.
[music]
Turn on a fan. I don't have a fan. I
don't have a fan.
Think it can get up to 72 from that
swing low? Yes, I do. I do think that. I
do think that. You know what? You know
what? I think I'm going to I think I'm
going to have to go and get an actual
drink. I'm not even kidding. All right,
[music]
let's go get an actual drink here, guys,
cuz it's it's hot. I'm not going to lie
to you. It's really hot. All right,
it's hot.
[music]
All right,
bear with me, guys.
Let's see.
I think I'm going to put some salt in
this water, too.
Got to stay hydrated.
Woo. I'll tell you, man. It's no joke
out there.
I I think I'm going to put some of this
stuff in there.
Some liquid IV.
That stuff will keep me nice and nice
and hydrated here.
Big shout out to everybody in the chat.
Uh it's hot in Ohio. 97.
Yeah, it was 98° something like that. I
don't know. I don't have a thermometer
outside, but I heard someone on the my
wife told me it was going to be hot
today and and it's hot. I am [music] I
am legit
sweating like a like a mad man right
now.
I am sweating like a mad man right now.
Let's see.
It was hot two days ago in the EU. Yeah,
I heard there's like a heat wave
everywhere.
Look at this stuff.
I think I think I'm going to go for
another round of that actually.
Liquid IV has sugar in it. Not this
kind. This kind has no sugar. But I'll
tell you what,
a little sugar is probably exactly what
I need right now cuz it is it is not it
is not cold out. Let me tell you that.
You know what? This time I think I'm
going to put some of this in there.
A little bit of that,
you know,
a little bit of sodium up in there,
a little bit of potassium.
South Africa, you're in the winter, huh?
Yeah, the winter in that southern
>> bottom of the of the globular earth.
Yeah, I um
man,
what's up
old enough for that right now.
>> N
we are we are hydrated.
Stick to potassium, magnesium.
Okay. All right. Cool. Well, we are
hydrated. We are ready to go, baby.
Let's see where can you enter long.
Well, I mean, not financial advice, but
if this box holds, we're going to 61K.
If this box doesn't hold, we come a bit
lower. Now, I'm not telling you what to
do, but I'm hoping that we do this
and more. I'm hoping we do this and some
more. But that would be the next place.
And this is a key box. The reason why
this box is key is because it's the
support resistance flip from right here,
you know. So, we'll have to wait and see
how that plays out,
you know. You know,
yeah, there's real clouds. No chemtrail
clouds for sure. For sure. So, we need
to get above 61.5 area to see if this
pump is real. Jason, [music]
we want to range here for a really long
time so we can really pump. When I say
the pump is real, we need to come up
above 61K in order for us to get to 65K.
And if we get above 65K, we can go to
75K.
All right.
Delinquent YouTube is in a short. You're
in a short. Oh my goodness. from here.
That's not the worst place to short
either. I mean, technically speaking, we
are at the value area high of the range,
right? I mean, we rejected to the dollar
from the value area high of the range.
Let's check out our 12minut time frame
here. I think it, you know, the money
flow is bearish, that's for sure. I'll
be honest, the money flow is is pretty
bearish here. Uh, but nothing else
really looks too bearish to me to be
honest with you. [music]
Nothing else looks too bearish to me to
be honest with you.
>> [music]
[music]
>> down. [music]
And you know what? But in about 20
minutes, when New York comes back from
lunch, I think that's when we're
actually going to get a real move here.
I think when New York comes back from
lunch, that's when we're actually going
to get a an actual move here.
An actual move. An actual move. So,
let's wait and see how this happens.
All right, let's wait and see how this
happens here.
[music]
rap.
>> [music]
>> Shout out to Dennis Marv. He says,
"Jason, [music] there will be a retrace
from where you expect it to come. The
pump is real for sure. It's time to trap
some bulls next two to three weeks, but
cipher B green dot needs one or two
weeks more at least. Once we get that
green dot on the weekly, I think the
bottom is in. So, I don't know if we're
going to get that yet. But here's where
I'm expecting the retrace to come."
[music] All right. So, retrace number
one in my opinion is going to be from
uh basically $61,000,
right? 61K is the back test of the
um [music] basically this local range
high, right? 61K. Uh then obviously
it's going to be
so 61 to 62K is a real potential. That's
back test the value area low. And
there's there's three places. All right,
let me close off all this stuff and just
give it to you straight. All right, let
me just give it to you straight. So,
place number one where we look for a
back test or a retracement would be
$61,000
because 61,000. Uh-oh. [music]
61,000. Where' that horizontal line go?
Yeah, 61K is our local range high.
Right. This is also the back test of the
February wick. Then the second place is
going to be the Fibonacci golden pocket
786. That's going to be around $65,000.
All right. So it might happen from
around here. And remember, if it happens
from the white line or the golden
pocket, this is maintaining bearish
market structure. Now, also this high
here is very critical because this, if
you think about it,
this price action here is very
squeezable. This price action right here
is super squeezable.
because we've just made this series of
lower highs. And so really we honestly
we could be looking at this like this
where basically once we reclaim the
trend line we could squeeze all the way
up to 6768K
and from there we could simply just see
the range low to the range high and then
get a pullback. You know, this pullback
could either give us a uh a nice rounded
bottom like that and we could actually
continue up towards the high of this
range like this is actually a real
possibility.
Um or we could continue lower, right?
So, I would say 61K 65K
uh
and then potentially, [music]
you know, the mid70s where we're coming
up to value area high of this entire
range here, right? So there are
different areas
to be looking right now.
But yeah, I'd be very cautious looking
for shorts, swing shorts right now
because we do have, you know, a pretty
bullish looking
pretty bullish looking,
you know, um whatchamacall what do you
call it? What do [music] you call it?
Momentum waves. Divergences. There you
go. We've got pretty bullish looking
divergences here, you know.
Just woke up many bull divs, especially
the one day bull div. Yep, we got a lot.
[music] New York open domination. Yeah,
New York Open pumped us, right?
New York Open did pump us for sure.
So,
yeah, New York Open did pump us.
Let's see here.
>> Don't want that.
Trying to see if there's a way to like
change the layout, but it looks like
there's not.
No, no way to change the layout. Not
yet.
Yes, you're right, Divine Hood. The
technical term is butt cheeks. You're
right. We have a lot of butt cheeks
here.
We have a lot of butt cheeks out here.
Cheeks out the wazoo, baby. Cheeks out
the wazoo.
Man, I'll tell you. I'll tell you. It
was hot out there. It was hot out there.
Was walking for an hour. Didn't realize
how sweaty I was. It feels good to be
here in this cool basement gym. You
know, that's the thing about basement
gyms. There's there's no AC, but they
are cool. They are cool. You know,
they are cool.
63K is the June value area low for Q2
says GRA
pitch e trana 5983.
Yeah, 63ks is going to be important. 63k
is going to be important
[music] but I say 62k is more important.
What is the wazoo and why is everything
coming out of it? The wazu is like a
cloa. A cloa is the one hole that a
chicken has where everything happens.
Reproduction, poop, and pee. All right.
That's like what a wazoo is. It's a
chicken hole.
All right. It's a chicken hole.
Man, we're trading in the squat rack.
I'll tell you guys, I think I might have
told you guys already, but if you have
if you have the cheap Amazon fitness
reality rack that's like $250 on Amazon,
which is the one I recommend. If you get
one of these one of these Bells of Steel
Swiss bars. All right. I don't know if
you can see that. Let's see if you can
No, you can't. Now, it's really hard to
use this camera. If you have a Bells of
Steel Swiss Bar, it fits perfectly on
top of the uh pull-up bar. And you can
basically do neutral grip chin-ups with
any grip you want. With any [music] grip
you want. It's really nice. I highly
recommend it. All right. I highly
recommend it. Could you check liquidity
heat map? Uh I'm not sure if I even know
how to do that. I think I could do it in
Market Monkey. Let's see. Liquidity heat
map. [music]
heat
liquidation heat map.
Wow. So, looks like we have a lot of
liquidations
to the Wow, look at this. We had a lot
of liquidations get hit here. We still
have some underneath that low. Remember,
underneath this low is a major PC. And
then we do have liquidations out the
wazoo at 61K. We have liquidations out
the wazoo at 61K. Let's go to 61K. Looks
like we're going to 61K based on this
liquid liquidity heat map here. This
liquid liquidation heat map here, you
know. [music]
Yeah, this is cool. We got a lot of
stuff here on on good old uh market
monkey. See what else [music] we got.
The liquidation heat map.
Um,
yeah. I don't I don't see anything else
that I I would like here, but there's
tons of stuff. Let's go to the new
indicator. Oh, I have to go to version
five. Yeah, they're out with version
five now. I got to get version five of
Market Monkey.
It's lunchtime, guys. So, we expect in
15 minutes we expect things to go crazy.
How many steps have I gotten today? I
don't know cuz I don't have my step
counter on me. So, I have no idea.
[music] I have no idea. I would assume
probably about 17,000.
Probably about 17K right about now.
17K keeps the
the fat accumulation away.
Why does Coinbase take so much on
derivative future trades?
What? You make a thousand, they take
500. I don't know. You shouldn't be on
Coinbase, though. You should be on KSEX
or Antarctic or Bitbase.
Bitbase, baby. Giving away $500 a week.
Right now on Bitbase, not only do they
have low fees, but they are giving away
$500 a week. All right. All right. So,
if you sign up using the link in the pin
chat or the description, not only do you
get VIP 7 fees, which are
0.005
limit, 0.02 market, [music] but every
week we're going to give away $500
indefinitely. Indefinitely. This is
going on literally every week. So, every
single week, and if you're in the VIP
Discord, we're doing a VIP $500 giveaway
every week, too. So, we're doing $1,000
in total every single week to give away.
All right. Plus VIP7 fees up to $33,500
uh claim based on the 20% cash back on
your deposit and trading volume bonuses.
[music]
Make sure to check it out if you're
interested.
All right. Also, KSEX literally has the
lowest fees. 10% deposit boost, $21,000
bonus up to you have to KYC though. You
have to KYC to get this. You don't have
to KYC for Bitbase. But KSEX has zero
limit order fees, 0.01% market. It's
absolutely insane. All right, it is
insane actually. Can you lose weight
just from walking? Is it possible? Well,
let's put it this way. Let's say, let's
just say for example,
you don't change anything else in your
life, but you walk. All right? Let's say
you walk 10,000 steps a day. Okay?
10,000 steps a day. Your average
American is getting 5 to 6,000 steps a
day. [music] All right? A slow leisurely
walk is going to give you about 6,000
steps an hour. All right? So, if you're
already getting about 6,000 steps a day,
right? That means a half hour to 45
minutes, you're going to hit those
10,000 steps. So, what that means is two
15 to 20 minute walks a day. You can do
it while you're on the computer. You can
do it while you're on the phone. You can
do it while your kids are watching TV.
You could walk your dog. You could take
[music] park far away in the dang
parking lot and you get those extra
steps a day, right?
Um, I'd say you could easily 5 5,000
steps. That's like 250 calories burned.
All right, that's 250 calories burned.
Um,
you you know 250
that's uh let's pull out a calculator
here cuz let's say you do that every
day. 250 calories extra. We're going to
multiply that by 7.
That's uh 1,750
calories a week. All right. And let's
multiply that by 52.
52.
That's 91,000 calories a year. All
right. Let's divide that by 3500.
[music] Because 3500 calories is about a
pound of fat. If you just did 5,000 more
steps a day for a year, that's 26 lb
worth of weight you could lose just by
going for a few 15 20 minute walks a
day. Now, this is assuming that all your
food and everything else stays the exact
same. But yeah, walking is one of the
best things you can do to lose weight.
Now, if you walk 10,000 steps a day and
you lift heavy weights two to three
times a week, that's going to be the
best thing you could possibly do for
your body composition and healthy weight
because lifting heavy weights
does many things to your body. a cascade
of hormonal
uh reactions that will positively affect
your metabolism and your blood sugar and
your hormones and your sleep and your
energy and all these types of things.
But but
how can I I know Dave Digital says, "How
can you take a screenshot and post your
profit if you don't even have your step
counter on?
I mean, it's like you're just doing it
for yourself. I know it does suck. Well,
the good thing is,
>> you know, at least we're live, Dave
Digital, and at least I can go back on
the YouTube and take these screenshots
and post them on Twitter,
you know.
All right, 10 minutes until New York's
done.
You walk to McDonald's every day.
Yeah, that's not good. That's not good.
Well, as long as you don't eat
McDonald's. I don't recommend eating
McDonald's,
>> you know. But what do I know? I'm not a
doctor. I'm not a dietitian. I I don't
know anything. I I don't know anything.
I'm a [__]
>> I really don't know anything, you know.
Um.
>> Yeah. So, 10 9 minutes, guys, until New
York's back from lunch. And then I do
think we're going to see a decision
happen right here, right now. All right.
Let's see if we hold this box or no. See
if we hold the box or no.
You know, let's see if we hold the box
or no.
Don't know.
>> [music]
>> Oh man, I wish I had gone live earlier
when this big pump was happening, but
now we have to sit and sit through the
aftermath. Pump for the day might be
over. Micro Strategy is calming down for
market open longs. Yeah, it could be
over. It could be over. It could be.
Let's wait and see how New York reacts
this afternoon.
All right, let's see how they react this
afternoon.
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying? Your boy Jay
ain't playing if you know what he's
saying. 72K by mid July. It could very
well be.
Very well could be.
Yeah, this is looking a little ominous.
A little ominous. Ominous hippopotamus.
Little ominous hippopotamus.
Well, at least smash up the likes, guys.
Once a strong, healthy old man at the
gym told me, "With every training
session, you're adding one day to your
life." Yeah. Is that true, though? Cuz
honestly, sometimes I feel like with
every training session I do, I'm taking
away time from my life. You guys ever
feel that way? You guys ever feel that
way?
Feel [music] like it depends on how you
train.
Beginning of new month buys. CBK Wahoo.
Big shout out to CBK Wahoo in the chat.
If it doesn't go to 72, it will be Max
Payne.
Yeah, we'll have to see. All right, we
got 6 minutes until New York comes back
from lunch. And I do think cuz it is a
Wednesday, I think we're going to see
some major decisions happening today.
All right, how old am I? Well, the sad
thing is, guys, in exactly 1 month and a
[music] week, I will be 36 years old.
Sheesh.
In exactly one month and a week, 36
years old. [music] Can we analyze
SpaceX? Sure. And the cool thing about
Bitbase is you can trade SpaceX on here.
It's pumping. Should I just FOMO along
full account on SpaceX?
Can you imagine? Can you imagine?
How much should I put on?
A million dollars onto SpaceX. Can you
imagine that? Just put a million dollars
on SpaceX right now, [music]
man. Can you imagine [laughter] that?
What leverage am I on right now? On
SpaceX. 20x. Okay. 20x million dollar
long on SpaceX right now. You guys dare
me? [laughter]
Where's the stop loss?
Yeah.
Yeah. Let's analyze SpaceX
[music]
while we wait for New York to get back.
>> All right, let's start on the daily.
I mean we we formed a really nice
support here. Let's be honest. This this
was a nice support. Nice double bottom.
Um and we have made a higher high here.
So let's go ahead and pull the fib low
to high
and we are coming down towards that 618.
In fact, depending on how you want to
pull it, we might even be touching it.
Wow, look at that. Front run by a dollar
cuz everyone was everyone wants to long
that that 618.
Let's go to the 1 hour and let's analyze
the volume right here
and let's actually Wow, look at that
flat top right there. Let's analyze the
whole volume from the top.
Okay, I'd say a few things, but before
we say those things, let's pull another
fib [music] from the high to the low.
>> Oh, wow. Okay, so I would say I do say I
would say
that uh getting another drop to around
uh 155 would be ideal. That would be
ideal because that's the PC plus golden
pocket of pretty much all of this stuff.
Um, let's go ahead and have an anchor
view out from the low.
Take it from here. We're holding that
anchor view up. Let's take it from here.
Okay. Let's take an anchored view up
from the top.
Yeah. So, um
[music]
I do say
smashing young lad. I would say that
honestly
as far as a long trade goes, it would be
nice to get one more dip down. If we go
to a lower time frame like the 12
minute,
this is a really nice low. Wow. Okay, so
on our 12minute wow
with a little bit more clarity, we
actually formed a nice looking bottom
here on this PC. It looks really nice.
We have a bullish divergence here
confirmed on the 12minut. Really nice
looking low. Really nice looking um
hidden bullish divergence on our
12-minute right at that PC.
Beautiful trigger wave on the 24minut
here at the PC. It looks really nice. I
would say like here's the deal. I'm not
telling anybody what to do. I've never
traded SpaceX. But if we could come down
a little bit lower, that would be best,
but because this is the PC here,
something like this,
right? Giving us some breathing room
here, shooting up toward value area high
could happen. I mean, once we start
changing market structure here,
uh, and reclaiming. Wow, this PC is
moving all over the place based on the
time frame. [music] It's crazy. But you
can see here that this is very
squeezable because of this fast move
down. We could easily get a fast move up
and easily take the liquidity from these
highs and easily squeeze up to like 178.
But I would prefer another move to the
downside. And obviously this this volume
profile is very difficult because it's
changing on every time frame I go to.
But the Fibonacci golden pocket support
resistance slip here is a pretty nice
support and that would be one place I'd
look for a long. Second place would have
to be value area low confluence with our
786.
Um, you know, for a short trade, I don't
know. I'd say taking these guys and
[music] coming into the value area high
for a pullback. But honestly, I would
expect this thing to continue up again
cuz it is Elon Musk and Spas X
and it is 1:00.
Do I watch World Cup?
Nah, [music]
I don't watch any sports. I don't watch
any live sports. I do watch reruns of
strongman and uh powerlifters. That's
about it. That's the only sport I like
to watch is people lifting weights.
I know I'm lame. I'm lame.
I'm lame.
Space ass. Lol. Jason is old. He's
actually gotten a hippopotamus for
Christmas.
Yes, that's how old I am. Dave Digital.
That is exactly how old I am.
All right, let's get back to our
Bitcoin.
Oh. Oh. Well, it's a good thing we took
some profits here, isn't it, guys? It's
a good thing we realized some of those
profits here. But New York is back from
lunch. Let's see what happens. Is a very
key level right now. We are just getting
back from lunch. All right. What do New
Yorkers eat for lunch?
Pizza,
bagels, saturated fats, and simple
carbs. That's the way to do do.
Do I prefer Thor or Eddie?
Honestly, I like Eddie Hall better. Uh,
just because I like his personality
better. Nothing against Halfthor
Bjornson or whatever how you say his
name, but
I just like I'm I'm a bigger fan of
Eddie Hall, right? [music]
Um,
I think Eddie Hall is a cool guy. I
think they're all cool guys, don't get
me wrong. But I really like Eddie Hall
because of his his world record deadlift
at the time was the world record and
the whole story surrounding that, how he
like hyped himself up for that and the
aftermath of that. And yeah, I watch
Eddie Hall's deadlift to get stoked. My
my favorite Eddie Hall's world record
deadlift. I like to watch obviously I
like to watch
Yeah. What a loser I am. What a loser.
When I say these things out loud, I'm
like, "What a loser. What a loser."
Jason Casper watches other dudes lift
pieces of metal off the ground. What a
loser.
But at least I'm not watching a whole
bunch of dudes kick a ball around the
grass. What losers? What losers,
[music]
you know?
Back in mom's basement. Yeah, we're back
in mom's basement. We We got liquidated
again. We had to come back in mom's
basement. I'm glad my mom has this
beautiful You know, people don't know
about Jason Castford mom, but she is
jacked. All right. Look at my mom's
basement.
Isn't that crazy? Look at mom's
Mom is is [music]
jacked.
Sheesh.
I'm so glad that because because I'm I
do live in my mom's basement. I'm glad
that my mom has all this equipment down
here. I could not even imagine if my mom
was like a typical old fat white lady
with nothing in her basement except like
one of those old those old exercise
bikes from the 80s
that she got on like infomercial TV.
You know what I'm saying?
Your parents let you live upstairs.
That's cool.
If I enjoy watching people lift weights,
no one can say that I'm a loser. Nah, I
I I will say I'm a loser. Like, when I
think about it too much, I'm like, man,
what a loser. What a loser.
All right,
Brian Shaw is cool. I like Brian Shaw.
What a nice What a nice guy, you know.
Did my mom have abs when she was giving
birth? Of course. I'm pretty sure if a
woman has no abdominal muscles, I don't
think she's able to give birth. I I
don't know how that worked. You know,
maybe the uterus takes over. I'm not
sure.
>> For a second, you thought it was up
350K. I know, right? It looks like that.
Man, this is this is good for the
YouTube Twitter screenshot. That's good
for the screenshot. Wow. Look at that.
That is cool, man. I like that feature.
This making me feel good about myself.
Yeah, I'm in my mom's basement, but you
[laughter] know, look, I'mma take a
screenshot here. Look at the here. Watch
this. You want to see you pure Twitter
manipulation? You know, watch this.
Watch this.
Take this little screenshot here, right?
[music] Post it up here. Look at this.
All it says is $300,000 and unrealized
P&L. Man, all I got to do now is take it
into
photo editing software and flip those
things. Put the unrealized P&L at the
top and boom, baby. Post it on Twitter.
Ask the question, should I close it?
Should I close it? I'll use this for
some inspirational Twitter posts. You
know what I'm saying? Like this one.
This really inspires me
to go to $150,000. Actually, you know
what else really inspires me? Is this
one here, you know?
This one really inspires me, too.
so inspirational. You know, people see
the photo and they call it success,
right? They see the lifestyle, they see
the fancy clothes, right? [music]
They see the women, right? They see me
at the at the boat club, at the country
club, they see me in the penthouse, you
know, they see this picture and they
they see the success, but they don't see
the years of grinding and setbacks and
sacrifices and the relentless work that
it took to get here.
They don't see that. They just see the
finished product. People don't know the
grind you have to go through. What is
that thing in between here? It looks
like an eye booger that somehow got
stuck to the middle of my nose. And what
is,
you know, what what's on my lips? I
don't know. [music] It's hard to say,
but this really inspires me. You know,
every day I because I'm I'm so I'm so
humble. I'm such a humble guy. Um, but I
do like to print out pictures of my face
and put them on my ceiling over my bed
so that when I wake up in the morning,
the first thing I see is just this
success symbol here. [music]
You know, people see the fancy cars
and all this. You know, people see the
$300,000 unrealized P&L.
They don't know what the grind was like.
You know, they don't know what it was
like walking in circles in your mom's
basement gym talking to a whole bunch of
strangers on the internet. They don't
know what it was like. You know,
well, it looks like New York's back from
lunch, but sadly
sadly
no shorts yet. Well, I am still in one
short. I still am in the same short I've
been in since May 14th.
Not that one. Not this one. This one.
May 14th at 1:15 p.m. I'm still in that
short. It's up right now uh almost 100K.
I I haven't taken profit. I'm going to
be fine with a I'm fine with my
positions right now. Totally fine with
my positions right now.
When Jay wakes up in the morning, he
pisses excellence. I do have a pea jug
next to my bed.
>> Um,
yeah, I have a pea jug next to my bed.
You know what? This is how you know you
marry the right woman. My wife, every
day, she empties out my pea jug for me
[music] and puts it back next to the my
side of the bed for the next night. I
don't even have to go to the toilet
anymore. That's how you really know you
made it. You know what I'm saying?
People see people see the empty pea jugs
on the side of the bed and they see
success. You know, they don't see what
it took to get there. You know, they
don't see the grinding I had to go
through in order to have my wife empty
out my pea jug every morning.
Seriously,
[music]
if you look at Thor's chart, it hit
60250 to the dollar. Did Did Thor take a
short?
You add it to your swing short. Let's I
mean, yeah, look, this is definitely not
the most bullish thing in the world
right now, but I have hope. I do have
hope. I do think we have some bullish
signs. You know,
Dave Digital knew I was humble the first
time I told him that. Yeah.
Yeah. Mhm. I'm as humble as Moses.
The humblest guy who ever lived. Let me
tell you about it. [music]
Dave Digital has to go shower.
Yeah, my wife really has me. I know. I
know. Seriously, I have the best wife in
the world. I'm not even kidding.
I'm so thankful for her. [music]
We're bouncing from a local golden
pocket. Can you even spot it? We got a
bees nest in the sophet. Market maker's
about to drop it. All right, let's check
it out. A local golden pocket.
Let's [music] see. Ooh, I see. I do see
it. We could squeeze this. Come on, New
York. Post lunchtime.
Ooh, look at that, baby. Look at that.
Looking pretty good.
Why is gold pumping?
Let's check. Let's take a look at gold.
Is gold pumping?
It did do what Bitcoin did. This is a
sad one minute chart, but yeah, look at
gold. Gold um yeah, gold with a with a
pretty a pretty nice low locally there
and a higher high locally as well. Low
high, higher low, higher high. Got a
local higher high here.
It would be really nice to take that
that low [music] again. But we took the
first low. We This is actually a nice a
nice looking bottom on gold. This is
nice looking bottom on gold. Nice bull
div on the 1 hour. Let's check out our 4
hour.
That's a nice looking low on the 4 hour.
We have a nice bullish divergence there.
Money flow eh.
But I like how we have a nice bullish
div. High, higher, low, higher, high.
Doesn't look so bad right there.
So, 51% say the pump is real. 49% say
no. [music]
Um,
but
All right, we're we're going to have to
wait and see what happens with this.
Obviously, there's no big volume spike.
Let's see if we can't start to change
market structure. I thought maybe this
was going to be at the back test of the
box that happened around 12:30.
So, this afternoon could be bullish. I I
wouldn't be surprised if we don't if we
don't see I would be surprised if we
don't see 61K. Honestly,
if we don't see 61k, I would be a little
bit surprised, you know.
I'd be a wee bit surprised to be honest.
A wee bit surprised.
[music]
The pump is real, but you know volume
will be after tomorrow.
>> [music]
[singing and music]
>> Hang on a second here, guys.
on the down.
[music]
[__] [music]
down.
H.
[singing]
You download the steps app. That's
what's up. Yo, shout out to Kryptoace in
the house. What's going on, bro?
God bless you, Kryptoface. Thanks.
Thanks for popping in, man. I appreciate
you, man.
Cryptophase, what are you thinking about
this uh
what are you thinking about this price
action here? I'm thinking
I'm thinking a low could be in maybe not
the low,
but when I'm when I'm looking at the
daily,
getting a nice bullish divergence here.
Wait, this is gold. I mean, gold looks
pretty nice right now, too. You know,
gold's looking pretty nice, too. locally
here. We we took some liquidity. Got
some internal bullish stuff. But look at
Bitcoin. It's got a little bull div
here. It's got the the six-hour money
flow. It's coming up real nice there. I
mean, look at look at that on the 6
hour. I mean, that's
that's pretty pretty good looking. I I
think [music] the 4 hour as well. Look
at the 4 hour. Look at the money flow,
you know. And this is this is a very key
[music] support. This zone is a very key
support. I mean, obviously, hasn't given
us much yet, but
you know, right now we're living on a
prayer.
We're living on a prayer to maybe get
something at least up to 65 $67,000.
[music]
>> Yeah, it's it's right
I don't know. I don't know. I don't
know.
You just ate Taco Bell. Uh-oh. Time for
the dump. Well, guys, you know, speaking
of dumps, I do have to head out. All
right. I apologize for the abrupt
ending, but I do have to head out. But
God bless you all in Jesus name. I I do
pray y'all are doing super good and
everyone has a great, wonderful day and
night and [music] morning.
Oh, Cryptoface, he says, "Dead
liquidity. The money is going into pump
and dump coins. There's a tiny tiny
inklings of maybe hope, but nothing to
celebrate. [music]
All right. Well, what a way to end the
stream. Pessimistic.
Pessimistic. But all right. God bless
you guys and I'll see you next time.
Peace.